PRIVACY STATEMENT

Welcome to Bill Business Manager from GMB co. ("BBM" or "we" or "us").
We offer users with Bill Reminder and Budget planner through the Boss Revolution Mobile Application (the "Application" or the “App”) and the accompanying  websites (coming soon). 
These terms and conditions of service apply to:
your use of the App and services ;
your purchase of extra functionalities, and/or subscriptions to the App; and
your purchase and use of any other products or services offered through the Application and/or the Websites.
If you do not agree with the terms of this Agreement, then you should not use the App/Websites or use the Service (or purchase any other product or service offered on the App/website). If there is any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms contained on the Websites or any marketing materials, then the terms of this Agreement will control. This Agreement remains effective from the date of acceptance by you until terminated by you or us.



SECTION 1 - AGE OF CONSENT

 By using this App/website, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence or country, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence or country and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.

SECTION 2 – COLLECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION

You are not required to provide any personally identifiable information to use the App. We NOT  collect any personal information. However, you may submit personally identifiable information in other ways, including: (a) getting access to certain services or functionalities, in case of, all personal information are treated only by Google Play; (b) participating in online App rate on App store; (c) submitting reviews or other content on the App store; and (d) in connection with other products, services, features, or requests made available through the App store.

SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE

We may disclose any personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.


SECTION 4 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES

In general, a third-party App/website  used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our App/website  or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our App /website’s Terms of Service.

SECTION 5 – LINKS

When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.


SECTION 6 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the App/website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our App is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to provide you services.

QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION

If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy associate   at gmbcyr@gmail.com or by mail at
GMB co
1991 E State Route 60 Num-1041
Valrico Fl, US,33594






